Adventure creator is the complete
adventure game toolkit for unity
developers worldwide are using this to
bring their ideas to life from dark
fairy tales to colorful fantasy it
handles navigation cutscenes
conversations physics inventory
lip-syncing saving and even QuickTime
events and all without a line of code in
2d work with unity zone sprite engine or
that of 2d toolkit and work entirely in
the 2d scene view in 3d take full
control over the camera and lay our
animations together to create rich
cinematics in first-person navigate the
world with built-in controls or use it
with ultimate fps for that triple-a
feeling you can even make physics games
opening doors sliding drawers and
holding objects for greater immersion
so how does it venture creator work once
you've imported it into unity use the
new game wizard to assign your main
settings and create a set of managers
the scene manager organizes all the
logic in a scene like hotspots
navigation and triggers the settings
manager gives you countless ways to make
your game unique from how your player
character is controlled to how
interactions are triggered the actions
manager handles which commands are
available to cut scenes actions control
everything from animation and speech to
logic processing and when chained
together they can produce complex
sequences and branching gameplay the
variables manager keeps track of your
players progression and choices use a
number to keep score a list to record a
decision store them in save games and
options data or even link them to play
maker the inventory manager records
anything your player can pick up choose
how they look and how they can be used
or combined you can even create recipes
for a full-on crafting system the speech
manager stores all your games dialogue
and display text ready for translations
and voice recording then bring your
characters to life with support for a
number of lip-syncing tools including
the industry-leading face effects
finally there are the cursor and menu
managers which let you completely
personalize your games interface choose
from a variety of templates or start
from scratch make buttons sliders input
boxes and more either with the built in
menu system or with unities new UI tools
playmaker ultimate FPS 2d toolkit cinema
director and face effects are just some
of the third-party tools it supports
custom actions can be plugged in static
functions make script extensions simple
to write demo games are available online
for free the toolkit includes their
source files pick them apart and see how
they're made the website also hosts
tutorials downloadable resources and an
active forum so if you want to make an
adventure but leave the puzzles to the
game visit Adventure creator
org